impressive anne-laure fixing is
champion of France to throw
knives and axes it's a trick of
boys that then but no there are some
girls and also how did you put the
step in the stirrup in this discipline of
throwing knives and axes is not a
friend who was part of the colmar club
and who took me to see how
passed and I took a liking and I am
remained champion of France expects
dogs champion of France at 7 m yeah
it's nice it's nice how it
happened this kind of France it was
passed to mans end to near mans and in
do we find we find a good
atmosphere a friendly atmosphere and a
little competition of course but especially
the pleasure of finding oneself
we explain the rules I will write
and I will give you the knives
so first explanations of his
knives there are not two sleeves in
leather that has no such things that's
pure metal then there are several
kinds of throwing costs at least young
is a kind they have entirely
metal but you can add some
rum a leather wooden handle in each
every dancer can have his knives
with his knife mark and so
after
simply there are just some
dimensions to respect the weight the weight
for knives not to go to choi
he minimum 520 and first knives his
26 cm minimum and 6 cm wide
al alam then you go if he wanted
play at look 2 does a demonstration
explaining how are we
hold how is it launched
okay then there the same way he
is not there is no definite rule
simply you hold your knife and
following the way it will happen on
the target will know if it's the right one
distance or not the right way to the
hold or not because you can him
launch the way you prefer
simply if el allam arrives at the top
is that the expensive nail will not have its
turned as he makes a rotation on
himself and sylla for a fare at the bottom
is that too will turn and
according to that we will change
we will change the way we hold the
knife his distance to Cairo in
respecting the 3000 the three meters
minimum so the c3 m so it's not a
question of force his disagreement
no it's not a question of force to 3
meters it's really only from the
technique we look at you then
in a competition you do not shoot
that only one knife per target
a knife by targeted in sets of three
knives the qualities required for this
sport concentration perseverance
and quiet and slowly and
training a lot
what are you training what per week at
minimum the deep between two and three
hours each time given three hours
we go to the ax it's also the other
discipline I let you go the
recover to the place you look at the
lancet dog I remove it
three out of three that took the microphone
in a championship that would be what
three out of three baths closest to the
center possible last year that
matched my champion title
from France to age the more we are in the center
of the target it's like darts
it's like darts like shooting
at the bow more often near the center
the more points you score
super sport you are from which bar I
am from the valley of villé you
train on school and I train at
duck club what's next
for you then there are the championships
of Europe that will take place in
Czech Republic in September and the year
next we are lucky to welcome in
france the world championships in
bretagne here is hold well anne laure
pete seeger of kits drives here to
Thank you for this small colmar
demonstration bravo again